---
category: rides
layout: ride
title: The Wurst 300
image: /static/images/rides/the-wurst-300.jpg
---

The most Epic bike ride leaving Dallas this Fall. 3 Days. 300 Miles. 1 Gear.

A weekend of Bikes, Beer, and Brats.

We will start with breakfast at Buzz Brews, Thursday Nov. 8th at 7:00am. Ride
from there to Waco where we will spend the first night. Day two is from Waco to
our Capital in Austin. Day three we will ride the final leg from Austin to
Wurstfest in New Braunfels. Stay a final night in New Braunfels and head bike
home Sunday.

We had initially planned on riding with “The Wurst Ride” but this years route
does not start in Austin so we are making our own route.Right now we are
planning for 16 people total. Riders and Support Staff.If you pay by the 18th of
October the cost is $100. After that it will be $125.Send payment Via PayPal to
fixedtouring@gmail.com, or follow the link below.

We need full payment to reserve a spot on the ride.

Cost includes:

- Accommodations in Waco, Austin, and New Braunfels (Waco will be a Private
  residence, Austin and NB will be Motels)

- Food, Water, Gatorade and BEER while on the road

- Two support Cars with Gear, spare parts, tools and mechanical support. (Cost
  of gas for the SAG cars is included) Entry into Wurstfest on Saturday

Breakfast and Dinner on the Day one be covered but is not yet confirmed. All
other meals are not included.

The Route will be fully mapped and we will provide it once finalized.

We will stop for good full lunches. Each night is a party. Full SAG support,
food and beverages on road, and Motel rooms are included.
