---
category: rides
layout: ride
title: SXSF 4
image: /static/images/rides/sxsf-4.jpg
---

The 4th Annual South By South Fixed ride. 3 Days. 240 Miles. By far the best way
to get to SXSW.

A weekend of Bike riding and Beer drinking to kick off the week long festival.

Traditionally this has been a fixed gear ride, however geared bikes are welcome.

We will start with breakfast at Buzz Brews, Saturday March 9th at 7:00am. Ride
from there (approx. 120 miles) to Waco where we will spend the first night. Day
two is from Waco to Taylor (approx. 90 miles), then a short ride into our
Capital in Austin (approx. 30 miles).

Right now we are planning for 20 people total. Riders and Support Staff.

Early Registration from Dallas is $100. If you would like to start in Waco day
two it is only $75.

We need full payment to reserve a spot on the ride.

Cost includes:

- Accommodations

- Food, Water, Gatorade and BEER while on the road

- Two support Cars with Gear, spare parts, tools and mechanical support. (Cost of
  gas for the SAG cars is included)

The Route will be fully mapped and we will provide it once finalized.

We will stop for good full lunches. Each night is a party. Full SAG support,
food and beverages on road, and Motel rooms are included.

We have motel rooms reserved for the entire week of SXSW if you would like to
stay; This is Not included in the cost. If you choose to stay a room will be
transferred into your name and you will be responsible.

Transportation home is up to you. There is usually room in the support cars
however that will be up to individual drivers. In the past people have also
taken Trains, Planes, and Buses back to Dallas.
