---
category: rides
layout: ride
title: SXSF 5
image: /static/images/rides/sxsf-5.jpg
---

The 5th Annual South By South Fixed ride. 2 Days. 240 Miles. A weekend of Bike
riding and Beer drinking to finish off the weeklong festival.

This year we are starting in Austin and riding North finishing in Dallas where
we will have a finish line party at the Underpass on Exposition. Traditionally
this is a fixed gear ride, however geared bikes are welcome.

We are going to meet in Austin Friday night (location still being finalized). We
have arranged for a couple houses that will let us crash in Friday night. Get up
early Saturday, meet at a diner for breakfast then officially start the ride to
Waco. Second day will be from Waco to Dallas, where we will end at a finish line
party. Both days will be close to 120 miles. We will post official distances
once the route is finalized.

Prices is $100 for the whole trip. After March 5th price will go up to $125 so
don’t wait to register. Please contact us if you only plan on one day.

We need full payment to reserve a spot on the ride.

Cost includes:

- Accommodations
- Food, Water, Energy Drinks and BEER while on the road.
- Support Cars with our gear, spare parts, tools and mechanical support.
- (Cost of gas for the SAG cars is included)

The Route will be fully mapped and we will provide it once finalized.

We will stop for good full lunches. Each night is a party. Full SAG support,
food and beverages on road, and Motel rooms are included. Transportation to
Austin is up to you. We will be organizing a carpool of some sort and will post
details as soon as possible. In the past people have also taken Trains, Planes,
and Buses.

During the ride we like to compete in a gentlemen’s points race. Every city and
county line is a sprint for points. First to cross gets 5 points, Second 4,
Third 3, Fourth 2, and Fifth gets 1 point. County lines are worth double. There
must be a posted sign on the route for it to count. But you must also ride with
ride with the group, stopping at turns and occasional beer stop. Winner gets
respect or another beer or something.
